a. For my archive process, I used a sns topic and a sqs queue txzheng-archive to pass archive request at the time the job is finished and I set the delivery delay of the archive queue to 5 minutes so that the information could be received by the queue 5 minites after it is published to the sns topic and archive process only starts after 5 minites of job completion. This approach using message queue enables asynchronous communication and make it easier to scale. Multiple instances could send requests to the queue without the risk of collision and workloads could be distributed across different instances to scale up when workload peak. Producers and consumers of the queue can all grow and shrink on demand. Using message queues to pass the archive request also removes dependencies between the archive code and other components and enables simplified decoupling.

b. For my restore process, I used a restore queue txzheng-restore to initiate a archive retrieval job request when the user is upgraded to a premium user. When the archive retrieval job is completed, the information is published to a sns topic and then received by the thaw queue txzheng-thaw. Then I could get the job output based on the information received from the queue and upload the job output to the s3 bucket. The reason why I used two message queues here: firstly, using message queues make it easy to decouple the restore and thaw process and the other components of the project. Secondly, it is also more scalable because the producers and comsumers of the queue could grow and shrink on demand. It also increased reliability and created more fault tolerance as if one part of the system is not working, other parts seperated by the queue can still continue working offline.

d. Please find answer to optional exercise in the pdf file.
